README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/2Wy-Iis-)
# Dijkstra's Algorithm

Recall the pseudocode for Dijkstra's algorithm:
- initialize the dist to each vertex to $\infty$, source to 0
- while there are unmarked vertices left in the graph
    - select the unmarked vertex $v$ with the lowest dist
    - mark $v$ with distance dist
    - for each edge $(v,w)$
        - dist($w$) = min $\left(\textrm{dist}(w), \textrm{dist}(v) + \textrm{weight of }(v, w)\right)$

Implement Dijkstra's algorithm. Start with the template I provided in `code.js`
and test your new function.

I have not provided any test code, but you can base yours on test code from
other exercises. Your tests must check the correctness of the result of running
the function and run automatically when you commit through a GitHub action.

The choice of data structures is up to you -- your implementation does not have
to be the most efficient one, but please make sure that it is not unnecessarily
inefficient.

## Runtime Analysis

What is the big $\Theta$ complexity of your implementation? Add your
answer, including your reasoning, to this markdown file.

The big $\Theta$ for my implementation is $\Theta$ (|V|x|E|). This is because the code grantees that we will check from every vertex, and every vertex attached to it. In my code the first loop will go through a certain amount of vertices, but is not garanteed to look at all of them, checking all of their edges. At the end there is a for loop that makes sure that all the vertices have been tried. There is a check in the beginning skipping a vertex if it has been visited, ensuring that we pass over every vertex without extra work.

Commit message:

got rid of redundancy in the code and updated the runtime analysis

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/2Wy-Iis-)
# Dijkstra's Algorithm

Recall the pseudocode for Dijkstra's algorithm:
- initialize the dist to each vertex to $\infty$, source to 0
- while there are unmarked vertices left in the graph
    - select the unmarked vertex $v$ with the lowest dist
    - mark $v$ with distance dist
    - for each edge $(v,w)$
        - dist($w$) = min $\left(\textrm{dist}(w), \textrm{dist}(v) + \textrm{weight of }(v, w)\right)$

Implement Dijkstra's algorithm. Start with the template I provided in `code.js`
and test your new function.

I have not provided any test code, but you can base yours on test code from
other exercises. Your tests must check the correctness of the result of running
the function and run automatically when you commit through a GitHub action.

The choice of data structures is up to you -- your implementation does not have
to be the most efficient one, but please make sure that it is not unnecessarily
inefficient.

## Runtime Analysis

What is the big $\Theta$ complexity of your implementation? Add your
answer, including your reasoning, to this markdown file.

The big $\Theta$ for my implementation is $\Theta$ (|V|+|E|). 

I corrected the analysis. My first for loop will check every edge to the vertex and calculate the distances. This then leads to the second for loop that will make the program run through all the verteces attached to the 'current vertex', this garantees that the program will run through all V and their matching E. Since I am using an adjacency matrix the complexity to iterate through all the verteces and edges is $\Theta$ (|V|+|E|).
